#[Think Stats Chapter 2 Exercise 4](http://greenteapress.com/thinkstats2/html/thinkstats2003.html#toc24) (Cohen's d)

The pregnancy data is contained in 2002FemPreg.dat.gz, which is a gzip-compressed file in ASCII plain text.  Its formatting is contained in 2002FemPreg.dict, which is a Stata file that contains the indices, variable names, and types that identify the information in the data file. The function ReadFemPreg in the nsfg2.py file reads the data, and then calls the CleanFemPreg function, which cleans the data to eliminate errors, convert some units, and provides a new column, totalweight_lb, which it computes from the birthweight_lb and birthweight_oz columns.  Within the chap02soln.py file, the author provides the code to calculate the means, variance, and Cohen D for the weight of firstborn babies versus all others.  The mean weight of firstborns is 7.20109443044lbs, while that of all other infants is 7.32585561497lbs.  The variance in the weights for firstborns is 2.01802730092lbs, and that for all others is 1.9437810259lbs.  The Cohen D for the weights was calculated within the same function (WeightDifference from the chap02soln.py) using the difference of the means above, divided by the pooled standard deviation (which itself is calculated from the variance of each, times the sample size of each (derived by calling len(column), divided by the combined sample size of firstborns versus others).  This computes to -0.0886729270726, which is greater than the provided Cohen D for differences in pregnancy lengths between firstborns and others (0.029), but smaller than, say, the 1.7 standard deviations difference in average sizes between men and women (about 1.7).